hey Ross is a Staten Island really an
island
uh-huh that's why they call it Staten
Island I thought it was like Long Island
also an island hey what time is it
2:17 why you realize we've been throwing
this ball without dropping it for like
an hour are you serious yeah I realized
it a half hour ago but I didn't want to
say anything cuz I don't wanna jinx it
wow we are pretty good at this hey we
totally forgot about lunch I think
that's the first time I've ever missed a
meal I think my pants are a little loose
hey you guys is Monica here
no all right listen um I just bought
something I'm not sure she's gonna like
it and it's gonna see him a little crazy
but this is something I've wanted since
I was a little girl
you bought Shaun Cassidy
it's a cat that is not a cat yes it is
why is it inside out
[Applause]
excuse me but this is a purebred
show-quality Sphinx cat how much would
you pay for that it was a little
extravagant but I got a pretty good deal
how much thousand bucks only chat about
$1,000 to take at least come with hair
something
all right listen ball boys my
grandmother had one of these when I was
a little girl and it was the sweetest
thing I mean it was so cute it would sit
in my lap and just purr all day long and
I would drag a shoestring on the ground
and it would chase it free cats do that
too you know it's not a cat
I'm really excited about this okay I
don't care what you think
I'm gonna go set up a little litter box
for mrs. whiskerson I'm gonna call her
fluffy
hey do you want to get something to eat
or you want to see how long can throw
this ball back and forth huh the ball
thing hey boss wouldn't it be great if
we could go for like two straight hours
without dropping it
oh yeah would let's do it okay oh I have
to pee
Rachel's in the bathroom and I didn't
think we were gonna make it I know don't
switch hands okay